Progress quick proofread I’m on page 12/19.
TOC
Contextual statement
Done


1a

1b

1c

2a

2b Learning/teaching or assessment, who are our learners? Data from TEL OU TA212, personas from ethnic backgrounds

2c 
Done

Done

Done

Done

Done





Done


3a Wider context, FELT framework,


To do


3b  MH and wellbeing in curriculum



To do






4 communication


Done




5 Specialist area: scholarship from professional practice to researcher
To do


Future plans
Done









Contextual statement
CMALT portfolio Kulvir Bahra (438 words)
This is my contextual statement for my CMALT portfolio.
I have worked within the Higher Education sector for 10 years. Realising that I have had a wide range of experiences in numerous projects - I felt that now is a good time to reflect upon my practice in my technical skills and supporting academics in the co-creation of online courses. 
Currently I am working as a Learning Design Officer in the Teaching and Learning Enhancement team in Warwick Business School at Warwick University (joined in August 2021). Prior to this role I worked as Digital Development Editor at The Open University in the FutureLearn microcredentials production team (from September 2019 to July 2021). Previously I worked at Coventry University Online as a Learning Designer for 20 months (January 2018 to August 2019). Prior to that role I worked at The Open University as a Media Assistant for five and a half years (June 2012 to January 2018). In 2011 to 2012 I trained to become a secondary school design and technology teacher via a PGCE at The Open University. However, I decided to change careers and joined the OU as a Media Assistant. 
Recently graduated with a Master of Arts in Online Distance Education at The Open University (June 2020). The postgraduate qualification took me 5 years to complete studying part time. For my final project I created a research proposal to compare estimated study times to actual study times for students studying in FutureLearn courses.
I started my career in working towards teacher training having taught Art and Design in the Art Gallery and Museum settings back in 2007. I have also led workshops for a group of webmasters on how to use WordPress in 2016 as part of their migration from HTML sites. The voluntary work gave me the opportunity to plan workshops and to teach the group from various levels in getting them started on WordPress.
My reasons for applying for CMALT are threefold:
To celebrate my successes so far, but to complete a long standing goal.
To pause and reflect on my career.
To network with other like minded individuals.
Completing my CMALT has been an ongoing goal for myself to complete. However, due to a change of job and a house move I was unable to complete my portfolio. Now seemed to be the best time for me to consolidate my thinking and to submit my portfolio.

Name
Kulvir Bahra
Orcid ID
https://orcid.org/0000-0002-3607-826X




LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/in/kulvir-bahra-06040723b/
Twitter
@kulvirbahra
Inclusive Learning Design
https://inclusivelearningdesign.com/webinars/
Insight for good
https://insightforgood.com/are-we-making-online-learning-truly-accessible/


Table of my online profiles
Select this link to read my personal statement.
This link will take you to the next page: 1a Operational issues page.

1a
'1a: An understanding of the constraints and benefits of different technology'
(503 words)
Description
In 2017 at the start of studying my third module towards my Masters of Arts in Online Distance Education: H817 Openness and innovation in elearning, I began the first 4 weeks of study whilst on holiday in the Punjab, India. I discussed the situation with my tutor and he advised me to look into how I will study whilst abroad. I also realised that I needed to respond to forum activity posts in the VLE (Virtual Learning Environment). Another consideration that I needed to take into account was power cuts in rural Punjab are common (Bowden, 2019) and that this could disrupt my internet connection, especially if I was halfway in updating a forum post.
This led me to think about potential solutions in preparation for studying in India. These are the steps that I took in planning to study abroad:
I downloaded the block of learning (6 weeks of study) in EPUB format onto my Kobo e-reader.
Printed out the research papers that the weekly learning content referred to read as part of my ongoing tasks.
My tutor helped me to create a WhatsApp group in agreement with 3 fellow students.
I recorded my activity forum responses by recording answers on my smartphone as MP3 files and uploading them to SoundCloud, titled the 5 podcasts: 'That Ed-Tech thing' (the recording links are saved further in the portfolio)..
Finally I reflected by writing up my written notes in my notebook.
Reflection
As a result of this I received positive feedback to my podcast recordings from my fellow students. My tutor found my solution effective given that I was initially studying abroad and the offline options for learning ensured that I was on track with limited access to the internet.
Looking back I realised the experience gave me two interesting insights. Firstly, as a Digital Development Editor/Course Developer or Learning Designer we need to consider global learners with limited access to the internet. Video assets will need to be shorter and not too large in size to download. Secondly this experience could potentially help learners in a different context: Students in Secured Environments. Learners could be provided with fully loaded content on ereaders to access their learning content.
From this experience I gained valuable insights which enabled me to present my findings to a group of delegates from Shanghai Pudong University, China.
Going forward in thinking about how I could have improved this idea more. I would be more inclined to blog my experiences and to have shared my thoughts into a conference event. From this I would then publish my conference proceedings into a research paper.
Evidence
Select the following links to the podcast of my recording file 1 (additional ones will be saved collectively in the WordPress version of the portfolio: files 2-4).
Select this link to my PowerPoint presentation on TEL Design and Mobile Learning to the Shanghai Pudong University delegates.
References
Bowden, P., (2019) 'How to Learn Online When Your Internet or Electricity is Unreliable.' Class Central blog. 8 July 2019. Available at: https://www.classcentral.com/report/how-learn-online-when-internet-or-electricity-is-unreliable/ (Accessed: 19 September 2020).
This link will take you to the next page: 1b Operational issues.
1b
1b Operational issues
‘Technical knowledge and ability in the use of learning technology.’
(770 words)
Description
Challenge: Operational issues in creating the Prison Virtual Campus VLE for SiSE there was a need to link to the scientific virtual microscope and to the HTML5 interactive activities on the OU VLE Moodle sites. The SiSE learners were only allowed access to assets within the ‘wall gardened’ server space and had no additional access to the Internet.
Solution: Create a screencast using Screencast-O-Matic to record the Virtual microscope being used with a voiceover and transcript added in.
One of the constraints with the Prison VLE project was that no hyperlinks could be externally linked to websites on the internet.
My role was to carry out a process of problem solving of how to solve the issue. Initially I’d check the content which had to have all the links checked. Once the link was checked on a different browser i.e. Mozilla Firefox. I was then able to view the Web page as a reader friendly format, which was then sent to print out into PDF format. The PDF of the web page was then uploaded to the Prison VLE which was then hyperlinked internally.
Workaround: Repurposing the OU Harvard Reference guide for all hyperlinks to be removed and keeping a generic file for the rest of the team to repurpose and save onto their module sites for their specific rebuilds.
Pedagogic advice: I also gave direction in leading the team to change many of the video assets from the Sports Psychology courses into podcasts. The reason for this was due to the nature of the content which may have appeared to be inappropriate to particular SiSE learners.
Testing: Many of the PDFs within our rebuilt modules linked to external websites. I tested whether the Prison VLE would allow the PDF to be uploaded and the file also linked out to the Internet. To solve this issue I created a set of guidelines on how to sanitise and remove all JavaScript/hyperlinks to the internet from the PDFs. To help the team to learn the process I also gave an update during a team meeting and followed this up by providing 1 to 1 assistance.
Reflection
Outcome: This project enabled me to showcase my technical problem solving skills that I would not have had the opportunity to do. I am indebted to the team and the individual who chose me for the project as this had given me a real boost of confidence and motivation within that point of my life when I was feeling extremely low.
Evidence
Feedback: As part of the success of the project I received positive feedback from the head of editorial production team at the OU Learning and Discovery Services:
‘Kulvir’s work on the Prison VLE has been widely praised and it is recognised that he has made a clear difference in the delivery of that project. Thank you for all your hard work.’ Head of Editorial team in LTI D&P at The Open University, 2016.
‘From October 2016 to March 2017 I worked closely with Kulvir on the Prison VLE project. This was a particular challenge for both of us, as the repatriation of the Learn 2 material for Learn 7 involved a lot of work and required a significant degree of initiative and creative energy. Kulvir took on the responsibility of redrafting generic PDF documents to make the text Learn 7-friendly, a task he did confidently and reliably. Kulvir proved himself to be a capable team player during the project and both myself and the Project Manager were able to draw on his strengths when necessary.’
‘Kulvir proved himself to be a keen learner during the course of the project and remained enthusiastic in discussions to resolve issues and overcome obstacles encountered along the way. It was an enjoyable experience working alongside a fellow MA who could invent workarounds to the Learn 7-compatibility issues and apply those workarounds to all modules in a consistent manner. Kulvir would always be keen to convey his ideas to his colleagues and work with me and other MAs to reach workable solutions.’
‘Kulvir remained patient throughout the project and was an accessible and accommodating colleague, keen to convey his fixes and solutions with his colleagues, which proved instrumental in allowing us to complete the first tranche of the project as successfully as we did.’
The following link to the OU News article celebrating the success of the SiSE Virtual Campus Prison VLE project in The Guardian teaching award for widening participation in April 2019.
OU Scotland blog from a graduate studying in a secure environment (no date): https://www.open.ac.uk/scotland/news/blogs/studying-in-secure-environment
Select this link to view the next page: 1c Operational issues.
1c
1c Operational issues
'Supporting the deployment of learning technologies.'
(523 words)
Description
As part of my ongoing engagement with my team, during the creation of new processes I created guidance on a range of projects to explain how to do a process. These ranged from writing up a style guide for the editors during the Civil Service Learning project in understanding the tone of voice and the terminology used in the authored content. Here is the link to the GoMoLearning guidance which I wrote as a guidance document to assist editorial teams during the editing process.
TEL101 Understanding digital capabilities
As part of my role as TEL Designer I also helped set up an internal staff training site (5x online short self paced modules) to showcase what TEL design can offer to newly joined staff at the OU. My contribution was to lead the project in setting up and to author the TEL101 Understanding Digital Capabilities short course.
The following link is a screencast of the TEL101 Understanding digital capabilities course that I had authored in the TEL Design team, Learning, Teaching and Innovations Development & Production at The Open University in 2017.
Video: Authoring TEL101 ‘Understanding digital capabilities’ OU staff training site:


The experience gained in authoring the TEL101 Understanding digital capabilities enabled me to progress further to become a Learning Designer at Coventry University Online from January 2018 - August 2019.
In this role as Learning Designer I scoped, planned and delivered the first initial iterations of 12 online modules for the FutureLearn platform. 
Reflection
The process of writing for the web taught me many new skills; how to gain feedback and to act upon this positively, how to collaborate at distance and, how to apply my skills and knowledge gained in my postgraduate study into publishing an online article.
Feedback
During my 20 months working at Coventry University Online. I received positive feedback from my fellow colleagues:
'Kulvir takes an inclusive approach to all his work, regularly offering suggestions and ideas. He worked closely with academics to get the best from them, and improve the quality of their writing for online courses.'
'Kulvir is a highly conscientious, collaborative and helpful colleague. His genuine passion for learning technology is clear to all and he has always been eager to share new and valuable insights with the rest of the team.'
Evidence
Select the link to view the published article I authored at Insight for Good: 'Are we making online learning truly accessible?'
Select this link to view the next page: Teaching, learning and assessment processes.

2a

2a Teaching, learning and assessment 
(383 words)
Description
During 2019-2020, I presented my work in the following contexts:
Analysis of a FutureLearn MOOC - Developing your research
In a team meeting: What does really good Learning Design look like?
Presented at the Ravensbourne University global event - Inclusive Learning Design post lockdown in taking your learning online - hints and tips
FutureLearn Academic Network (FLAN) event at Bath University - Challenges in student workload mapping – quick wins in finding success for learners.
Podcast at TalkingHE about the Digital Divide.
 Educational achievements
City & Guilds in delivering teaching to adults in 2006.
PGCE in Secondary level Design & Technology Level 2 at The Open University in 2012.
Received FHEA from the Higher Education Academy in August 2018. HEA Fellowship reference number: PR149397.
MA ODE (Open) in Online Distance Education at The Open University in June 2020.
Taken from my reflections in my FHEA in 2018
‘To summarise this additional section I would conclude that with the development of my professional practice at Coventry University: Online, I have felt more empowered and motivated with my future aspirations. As I now feel part of a team to make the Coventry University: Online postgraduate project a success in the future. Bringing this together in my new role as Learning Designer, I learnt from previous work experience in teaching learners that the importance of (Biggs & Tang 2007) who introduces a framework known as Constructive Alignment which ensures that the practitioner is able to teach and define learning activities that ensure that the learner is able to understand the assessment rubrics. Biggs defines constructive alignment taken from the Coventry University Online PGCert Academic Practice Higher Education FutureLearn internal course: Designing for learning in the following steps:
1. Defining the intended learning outcomes (ILOs);
2. Choosing teaching/learning activities likely to lead to the ILOs;
3. Assessing students' actual learning outcomes to see how well they match what was intended;
4. Arriving at a final grade.
From this I realised that many of the theoretical module material that I referred to in my MAODE are becoming more relevant and important in my new role as Learning Designer. Learning Design is an ever evolving subject that changes depending upon the different higher educational institutes. Many of the different educational organisations in the UK will have their own priorities: student focused, disability, retention, falling student numbers.’
2b
Developing microcredentials at The Open University with FutureLearn
(824 words)
The Open University was one of the first partner higher education institutions to develop microcredentials on the FutureLearn MOOC platform. Microcredentials are described as 'bundled' learning designed to help learners to upskill to the next level of their career or study towards academic credit at either undergraduate or postgraduate level of study.
As described by Emeritus Professor Beverley Oliver from Deakin University from the 'Making micro-credentials work - for learners, employers and providers Executive summary' August 2019, microcredentials are agreed internationally by ISCED defined as:
'A micro-credential is a certificate of assessed learning that is additional, alternate, complementary to or a formal component of a formal qualification.'

Reflection
Context: At the end of 2019 I had worked closely in developing the new microcredential Global Development in Practice - Designing an intervention. I realised that the Week 4 content needed a variety of step types. I suggested that the weekly content would benefit from a peer assignment activity. Initially the academic was not fully agreeable to the idea. I explained that by allowing the learners an opportunity to practice submitting one aspect of their assessment early. Then they would feel more confident in submitting this towards their final assessment. Initially I was anxious about proposing the idea. However, after reading the feedback from the learners two things occurred. Firstly the majority 5 learners were happy that the peer review exercise enhanced their confidence levels. The final comment by the learner at the end of the list came from a learner who was a novice to the topic and exercise type. But they confirmed that even as a novice they found the exercise useful in building up their confidence levels.
Evidence
Learners' responses to the peer assignment
We received 6 learner comments with their insights from participating in the peer review assignment activity. One of which was an agreement on another learner's comment. Here are the anonymised comments below:
'I love that we had a peer-reviewed formative assignment as I regularly set them for students but I have never experienced one with my student hat on.'
'I learned a lot by reviewing other people's work as it gave me a really good insight into how others went about the task. I realised that my section on the 'assumptions' could have been more effective and I was missing details that would be needed for the summary to be considered complete. I really appreciate the feedback and the feedback reflected what I was thinking when I was reviewing the work of others. Thank you to my reviewers :)'
'It was a great lesson learnt as it was my first time to apply the ToC analysis in an article. And seeing others' work helps me a lot to understand the context.'
'It was a great, yet challenging task! Really enjoyed looking at other's work and seeing what I missed and comments were very helpful. I found the word count really affected my robustness and accuracy.'
'I felt exactly the same! well said.'
'I found this quite challenging. The hardest part for me was the peer review. A ToC's analysis is a new concept for me. I found it particularly challenging reviewing someone else's work whilst I was still grappling with whether I had conducted my analysis correctly in the first place.'
Academic feedback
I received feedback from a fellow academic whom I assisted in The Open University FutureLearn production of the Global Development in Practice - Designing an intervention microcredential.
Creative, efficient, pragmatic, solutions oriented and a solid team player, Kulvir is an ideas man who brings a 'can do' attitude to both the task at hand and his working relationships. Working with Kulvir means not only getting the job done well, but makes for a thoroughly enjoyable learning experience. He has a passion for pedagogy and a capacity to connect with learners and colleagues alike. He brings together deep insights into student needs and wants and a rich understanding of learning design. His open and inquiring nature has made him the catalyst for many 'A-ha' moments, these last few months as we have worked together to bring The Open University's Global Development microcredential to life. A valuable colleague. I look forward to future collaborations!
Feedback from lead professor/academic during the microcredential production cycle of Global Development in Practice: Designing an intervention dated January 30 2020:
‘As you know the microcredential initiative is a fast-changing beast and we are all working hard to bring it in on time and with a sense of coherence. I just wanted to say that in this challenging environment Kulvir has been exceptional. He is calm, polite, efficient and does everything with a deep professionalism. And with good humour, which is much needed.’ 
After the production of the Online Teaching: Creating Courses for Adults postgraduate microcredential I received feedback from Martin Weller, Professor at Institute of Educational Technology, at the Open University.
'Working with Kulvir on the production of microcredential courses was an example of how a multidisciplinary teams can work effectively together. We were developing these new courses in a rapid, agile manner which meant that everyone had to take on different tasks and the role boundaries were not as clearly defined as in normal production. This had the potential to cause stress and disagreement, but instead it was a pleasure because of the flexible approach taken by Kulvir and others. His professional editing and thoughtful input was valued by all throughout and a delight to work with.'


Select this link to view the next page: The wider context - Understanding and engaging with legislation, policies and standards.
2c 
Understanding your learners


[Explore the challenges/barriers that ethnic minorities face during their learning journey. By taking an autoethnographic view of my own life experiences. Or look at the hard to reach youth who might need further support to enable them to take the right path in their own lives. (Big societal problems around knife crime, what could a solution look like? And how could edtech/learning design help solve this big issue.) Or Jung archetypes that cover traits or recurring personalities that we all encounter.]


Select this link to watch the YouTube video of Kulvir at the OU Student Hub Live Welcome session in 2017 (duration 26 mins).

Talking HE podcast created by Santanu Vasant - Digital Divide with Kulvir Bahra in 2021.
(duration 23.50 mins).



    

Within my previous role as Digital Development Editor, understanding the personas of the learners has been an important part of developing online courses. Having been a student myself at the OU, this has given me important insights into what makes good learning and what makes poor quality of learning. The key aspect that I learned was to embed more active learning and to balance this with the passive elements of learning. In the Inclusive Learning Design presentation at Ravensbourne University I discussed the need to make online courses well balanced and to make pragmatic decisions when choosing the different learning types (Laurillard, 2012). Here is a screenshot of my slide below.

As you can see the elements of my thinking were based around Conole’s proposition around the learning design taxonomy which the OU often refers to as part of their learning design workshops (Conole, 2004) and student workload mapping analysis. 
Understanding different types of learners within different contexts has been an integral part of my role. I often learned that I needed to imagine myself in the particular learner's situation to fully understand the impact of how our learning content can affect our learners.
Evidence
Inclusive Learning Design Post-Lockdown virtual online conference at Ravensbourne University, London, June 2020.
Select this link to read the transcript of my contribution during the online recorded presentation.
Learners with a disability
3a 
Wider context
FELT framework revisited

2 areas: one policy and one legislation. 
Explore the Social inclusion policy at Warwick University/WBS. 
FELT Framework for ethics in Learning Technology



3b 

MH and wellbeing in the curriculum (Positive Digital Practices; OU led with Warwick University) or accessibility with FutureLearn and myWBS learning platform. 

https://warwick.ac.uk/services/wss/strategy/

https://positivedigitalpractices.weebly.com/

co-creator


TBC

4 
Communication and working with others
(712 words)
Description
In 2020 I participated in the Twitter weekly #LTHEchat on Wednesdays at 8-9pm. I enjoyed taking part in this weekly CPD event as this gave me a sense of belonging in answering live questions on teaching and learning amongst staff from a wide range of Higher Educational Institutions. 

Many of the staff in this group became good friends and reached out to collaborate on two further projects. The first project was to present at the Inclusive Learning Design post lockdown session at Ravensbourne University, London. The second opportunity was an interview for the TalkingHE podcast with a senior manager at University of East London to discuss the themes around the digital divide, which will be released in Anchor.com in February 2021. 

I have mentored newer members of the team. I have also reached out to other Digital Development Editors and Learning Designers within Learner and Discovery Services to build bridges in our understanding of the microcredentials team and in how my role fits into the bigger picture. This has helped me in developing new connections with teams that I would not normally converse with. I have enjoyed having conversations with fellow  project managers and external colleagues and I felt that my contributions have helped in team specific activities towards a common purpose.
Communication with the team is an important aspect of course development. As one of the established members of the team I shared useful guides and links with the newly joined digital development editors. The crib sheets were widely shared and my team members commented on the usefulness of having all the links in one document.
Working in a large organisation requires knowledge and understanding of knowing which appropriate form of communication is needed in different types of situations.
Here is a list of applications that I use on a regular basis to communicate with different team members.
Slack - internal communications for immediate response to course/platform development queries within the production team. Sharing best practice/ideas in specific channels.
Microsoft Teams - used for university wide communications.
Instant messenger - brief non-urgent informal queries.
Microsoft Outlook - communications with faculty/academic teams and with the rest of The Open University.
Skype call - brief phone calls for clarification purposes.
Trello - for course production task management queries.
FutureLearn - (work context) used to share generic steps or experimental/exemplar webpages to use in the development of new courses/microcredentials in work based context.
Microsoft Calendar - for organising meetings and scheduling time blocked out for editing content.
Yammer - this application I have used the least within my work context.
Twitter - used for connecting with other like minded individuals connected to higher educational institutions and learning design.
LinkedIn - for keeping in contact with current and previous colleagues and connecting with new people for networking purposes.
WordPress - a reflective space for professional development and a thinking space for new ideas.
OU VLE forums - for engaging in responding to learning activities in the Moodle platform.
FutureLearn - (personal context) commenting and sharing ideas in enrolled courses and for learning from other fellow learners which help inform my understanding of other perspectives.
Reflection  
I used a wide range of methods to communicate with the team internally and externally with module teams. In providing feedback to module teams I always choose a method that is inline with the academics preferred communication style and that will enable me to action the editorial queries in the quickest time possible. Looking back I realise that some of my approaches may not have been the best method. From this I realised that going forward it was important to flag any issues as early as possible to mitigate the issues from becoming a bigger issue later on. Also I have learned that being too mindful will not allow any work to be done. So I have started to explain to new academics how I will provide feedback on content and in which format so that there is no delay or confusion. This improved approach has been greatly appreciated and has improved our production processes as a whole.
Evidence
Contributed to an online OU Learning Design blog on how the microcredentials team learn from one another informally during lockdown at work. Select this link to read my response here.

Select this link to view the editorial crib sheet.
5 
Specialist area: scholarship, from professional practice to researcher
MIT and McGill research paper - how I achieved this.
This section will focus on my approach to course development, both from within my previous role and to how I would conceptualise this in my current role.
Description
 
Here is a podcast recording of me talking about how I storyboard ideas in my practice as a course developer.
Select the link to read the accessible transcript of the podcast in Google Docs.
Reflection
Evidence
[insert slides from PPT on storyboarding methods from HEIs here as LDO in LD Spotlights]
LD Spotlight Storyboarding
References
 
 
 
Future plans
 

I have really enjoyed the reflective process in compiling my CMALT portfolio.
Admittedly this has been my second or third attempt at piecing together my CMALT portfolio. The process has been a huge challenge for me as I often thought that CMALT was unreachable for me to achieve. However, by taking time to pause, stop and reflect across my whole outlook both professionally and on my practise has enabled me to gather together a wide range of skills and knowledge to exemplify this into a portfolio.
My current plans are to embed myself deeper into my role as Digital Development Editor within the OU FutureLearn microcredentials team. By reflecting on my current practice in understanding the multifaceted dimensions of the role. Select this link to view the PowerPoint presentation on my reflective piece on my current role.
Due to the progress that I have made within my Twitter social media network, I have gained a huge amount of respect amongst the OU and with many colleagues across the UK/world within the learning design specialism.
As there has been an increase in collaborative opportunities with many external universities, for example previously with Bath University and Ravensbourne University. I have now taken the decision to limit my exposure to future collaborations as I'm currently pursuing formal accreditation for certificates and applied training within editorial skills as part of my long term career plan.
My future plans include the following:
To reach out to the Association for Learning Technology to help provide extra guidance. 
To begin sharing best practice amongst the team in how the domains of learning design bridge together with the editorial practice.
To work towards SFHEA. 
As part of my ongoing improvements within my role I have engaged with a range of courses in FutureLearn. Select this link to view my FutureLearn noprofile of completed courses. I have learned a huge amount of knowledge that has helped me within my Masters study and within my daily routine within my role. Going forward I'll be looking more into how I can share my insights from my learning within my day job. This will require me to rethink how I replicate my learning into a separate private learning space, and to keep track of all my progress.
I have also followed through and completed a range of courses within OpenLearn. Select this link to view my OpenLearn profile. 

Confirmation
No information has been shared that relates to the Intellectual Property rights of another organisation within this portfolio.
Acknowledgements
Grateful acknowledgement to everyone whom I have worked with or currently working with, who have enabled me to progress


